stringify: add option to not put blank lines between definitions (#501)
remarkjs/remark: packages/remark-stringify/readme.md

When `false`, all list item numbers will be the same.

###### `options.tightDefinitions`

> Separate definitions with only one newline (`boolean`, default: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separate definitions with a single line feed (`boolean`, default: `false`).
```

Author: I personally don't use the term “line feed” much (and I haven't seen it used much) except when talking about DOS vs. Unix end-of-line characters or typewriters. I come from the era of C and Unix, which, I believe, is the same source of `'\n'` for “newline.” But you do use it in a number of code variable names and comments, so as long as it's consistent, it's fine with me.

> When `false`, a definition is considered a block and separated from other blocks
> by a blank line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `false`, definitions will have blank lines between them, similar to other
blocks.
```

When `false`, all list item numbers will be the same.

###### `options.tightDefinitions`

Separate definitions with a single line feed (`boolean`, default: `false`).

> When `false`, definitions will have blank lines between them, similar to other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, definitions will have blank lines between them, similar to other
```

Whoops, I made a mistake!

Reviewer: Never mind, incorrect, it reads a bit weird now 🤔
